Please see the link below to my Restaurant Analysis: 

https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/mon.bujas/viz/FinalProjectAlpha_17403682292910/RevenueandAverageSalesAnalysis

Below are some accompanyinf bullet points from the Analysis Presentation:

Dashboard 1: Shows chart with highest average rated restaurants with the most reviews. Next to it is a chart representing the highest average rated restaurants on Zomato. The chart on the right is filtered and highlighted to show the cities where these restaurants reside. We can see in the chart with the highest rated restaurants that some of the best received restaurants are localized businesses such as AP’s Kitchen. However, this chart may not be the best representation of popularity, as we are only taking a small subset of data from restaurants that have a 5 star review. This chart was put in place to show really that there may be a false fallacy for this type of projection because they have less than 100 reviews; highlighting them only as good potential local eats. 

However, when we look at those restaurants with the highest average ratings and are the most reviewed, they are primarily some of the largest restaurant chains in India. If we were to break this chart down further we would see that all of these restaurants have several locations with varying ratings. I do think that a chart like this better represents the national consensus of what is popular. Some of the reasons for this may be good selection, appeal to locals and visitors, inexpensive and fast service. 

Dashboard 2: On the right the map shows the locations in India and the restaurant counts for each city. The restaurant with the highest restaurant population is Bikaner. Further research into Bikaner suggests that it is a big city that is well known for its cuisine. Although it harbors a sizable local population I think that it is important to note it is a pretty popular tourist spot due to its food culture, ancient architecture and big on camel riding. Being a larger tourist location may be what drives so many restaurants to market themselves on Zomato. I am also fairly certain that a lot of food chains mentioned in the first dashboard all have presents there. 

 On the left would be the monthly order breakdown totals. We can see that orders really drop from the months of June to September. After some individual research we found that the monsoon season is usually from June to September in India and south east Asia. This may affect restaurant operations and deliveries, as well as low tourism for these areas. 


Dashboard 3: Shows the Top ten Restaurants By Revenue and a scatter plot outlining Average Prices Vs Average sales. Looking at both charts we can see that a few restaurants such as Janta Snacks, Kouzina Kafe and others sit either very close or below the trending line, meaning there may be some correlation there between lower menu prices and revenue generated. Of course there are some exceptions, but we do see a handful of the top ten restaurants by revenue sitting near the trending line as previously stated. The other few restaurants such as Pizza Hut, referring back to the first slide, are some of the most reviewed restaurants with the highest ratings. Looking further we can see some places like Mcdonald’s Mccafe represented, suggesting that there is some correlation with these numbers due to the franchise availability and what they have to offer. 

In conclusion I think the reason why a lot of these restaurants are popular are because they are well established franchises that have decent prices, have many locations and offer familiarity and efficient services to both locals and tourists alike. I would also argue that tourism and just unfortunate bad weather does affect the sales and revenue that are generated, especially during the monsoon season. 
